Dear Professional ; We know you are interested in receiving 
cutting-edge intelligence . This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1619 ; Title 5 , Section 301 . THIS IS 
NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else 
when you can become rich in 97 DAYS . Have you ever 
noticed more people than ever are surfing the web & 
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents 
. Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting time by 
200% and SELL MORE ! You are guaranteed to succeed 
because we take all the risk ! But don't believe us 
! Mr Anderson who resides in Wyoming tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" . We are a BBB 
member in good standing ! If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now ! Sign up a friend and you'll 
get a discount of 10% ! Thanks ! Dear Internet user 
; Especially for you - this cutting-edge intelligence 
! This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2716 , Title 2 
, Section 307 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 97 months . Have you ever noticed more people 
than ever are surfing the web plus people love convenience 
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this ! 
WE will help YOU process your orders within seconds 
and SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no cost 
to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Ames of Nebraska 
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for 
me" ! This offer is 100% legal . We beseech you - act 
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 
90% . Cheers . Dear Colleague ; Especially for you 
- this breath-taking intelligence . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list . This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1619 ; Title 4 
; Section 306 . This is not a get rich scheme . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich as 
few as 71 days ! Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone and how long the line-ups are at bank 
machines . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this . We will help you deliver goods right to the 
customer's doorstep plus turn your business into an 
E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to succeed because 
we take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mrs Ames 
who resides in Idaho tried us and says "My only problem 
now is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed 
to operate in all states . We BESEECH you - act now 
. Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich too 
! Warmest regards . 